38859956	The sanctions focus upon suppliers to Iran's missile programme and groups that help to arm what Washington sees as terror organisations in the region. It is hard to see what practical impact these sanctions will have, since few of these organisations or individuals probably do business in the United States. But the sanctions sends a clear warning to Tehran the guard has changed in Washington. The Obama administration saw its relationship with Iran largely through the prism of the need to negotiate a deal to constrain Tehran's nuclear programme. Iran's regional activities
22131316	A Chinese statement issued during a visit by US Secretary of State John Kerry said the nuclear issue was the "shared responsibility of all parties". Mr Kerry said the two sides must decide "very quickly" how to proceed. North Korea has recently threatened nuclear attacks, and is feared to be preparing a missile launch. A flurry of warlike statements from Pyongyang has prompted speculation that a launch could happen on 15 April, when the country marks the 101st birthday of the nation's founder and former leader,
35826768	Hutchison has stabilized Motherwell and has now left the supporters with the opportunity, and the challenge, of taking over. For that to happen, the Well Society will need to succeed in a way that it hasn't been able to achieve in the past.
35858101	Mr Duncan Smith has warned the government risks dividing society with politically-motivated spending cuts. Mr Cameron is to reject this - and No 10 has rubbished claims of a rift with George Osborne, saying the chancellor still has the PM's full confidence. The disability cuts Mr Duncan Smith quit over will be shelved. Downing Street said the changes to Personal Independence Payments (PIP) announced ahead of Mr Osborne's Budget last week would not go ahead "in their current form". But alternative proposals for
36373299	The report, carried out by charity Relate and based on a survey of 20,980 people in relationships from 2013-15, suggested 2.87 million people were in "distressed" relationships. Dr David Marjoribanks, from Relate, said constant bickering could have a "far-reaching" impact on children. On average they did worse in school and could even fall into crime, he said. "It is not just the actual breakdown of the relationship
32371348	The vessel, thought to be just 20m (70ft) long, capsized at midnight local time in Libyan waters south of the Italian island of Lampedusa. So far only 28 people have been rescued and 24 bodies retrieved. Italy's PM said it was a European tragedy and called for an extraordinary EU summit on the migrants issue. Matteo Renzi said he could not verify the number of deaths, but that it would be a "dramatic amount". Live: Follow
12570045	Microsoft is a company that spends a lot of money on research and development. They have a lot of scientists working on different projects. One of the projects that they are working on is Kinect. Kinect is a system that turns a player's body into a games controller. Microsoft is hoping that Kinect will be a big hit and that it will help them to stay ahead of the competition.
37581974	Bendtner required oxygen as he was carried off the field on a stretcher, having landed awkwardly in a collision with Blues defender Michael Morrison.
34956536	Bradford City 4, Chesham United 0.
35339947	The eggs command a high price from farms which produce meat, leather and other goods, so there are plenty of people willing to take on the risky job. But whether this derring-do should be legal or not has become a hot topic in the state of Queensland, where the government is reviewing its crocodile management plan. Proponents say legalisation in the neighbouring Northern Territory brought substantial economic benefits, particularly to indigenous communities, without affecting crocodile numbers. Critics, though, say it is not right to
13017879	China is a country that has a lot of history and is a very powerful country. It has a lot of problems with the economy and the government. It is a very interesting country to learn about.
11375357	The article is about a scientist who is trying to determine the time of death of a corpse. She does this by studying the insects that are attracted to the corpse. The article is interesting because it shows how science can be used to solve crimes.
37271465	The impeachment of Dilma Rousseff was a long drawn-out legal affair, overseen by the country's Supreme Court.  Impeachment is a provision laid out in the Brazilian constitution, as it is in many other democracies.  As flimsy or irrelevant as many thought the charges were, the [now] former president was able to defend herself by legal argument and with counsel throughout.  The law might be an ass, but it is still the law.  Dilma Rousse
29895786	Oscar Pistorius was found guilty of culpable homicide, the South African equivalent of manslaughter, for shooting dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp on Valentine's Day last year.
29999399	Media playback is not supported on this device
32162021	The article is about the school places crisis in England. It is a problem that has been caused by the booming birth-rate, immigration and families moving to be near popular schools. The article states that the problem is worse in London and in cities such as Leicester, Nottingham, Reading and Peterborough. However, in London, around 99,000 pupils or 95% received a place at one of their six preferred schools this year - up 1,100 and nearly five percentage points from last year
30931445	The comet is not a large lump of ice with some dust mixed in. Rather, it has a much more complex construction, incorporating significantly more dust and many rocky components. This is very evident from the ratio of dust to gas being ejected by the comet (four to one), and all those craggy cliff features where stiff, consolidated materials seem to dominate.
37543638	The finance secretary was accused of "showing contempt for parliament" during a fiery debate on the budget timetable. The finance committee wants Mr Mackay to hand over detailed planning information ahead of the budget, which will be published on 15 December. Mr Mackay said he would publish some extra "high level" information. However opposition members said he had been "ambiguous" and had not been clear about what information would actually be provided. A "fundamental" review of the budget process has also been
38048885	The ability to clear your mind and focus on the
26114379	The article talks about the humanitarian crisis in Syria and the peace talks that are taking place in Geneva. The article also talks about the humanitarian pause that was reached between the government and the opposition forces. The article also talks about the suffering of the Syrian Palestinians and the young men who were taken in for questioning by the Syrian forces. The article also talks about the aid convoy that came under mortar and gunfire when it entered the area with food and medicine to ease the suffering of the starving people. The article also
27342757	The Nigerian government has been criticized for its slow response to the kidnapping of 276 schoolgirls by Boko Haram. The government has been accused of not doing enough to find the girls and has been criticized for its lack of transparency. The government has also been criticized for not doing enough to protect the girls from Boko Haram.
17455067	Zhou Youguang helped invent Pinyin, a writing system that turns Chinese characters into words using letters from the Roman alphabet. This makes it easier to learn how to pronounce Chinese words, and is credited with helping raise literacy rates in China. Despite his achievements, Mr Zhou remains largely unknown in his home country. Perhaps that is because the 106-year-old is a defiant character, refusing to take much credit for his work or pander to the Chinese Communist Party. He is critical of the party that
36961338	The Met has already said the number of armed officers will go up in London by 600 to 2,800. And a further 900 armed officers are planned to be in operation for the rest of England and Wales. But Steve White, chairman of the Police Federation of England and Wales, said it may take two years to fully train the 1,500 recruits planned nationally. "When you're recruiting 1,500 it's going to take a lot of time. You've got to
36101150	The article talks about the morality police forces in Iran, Saudi Arabia, Sudan and Malaysia. The article also talks about the powers of the morality police forces and the people's opinion about them.
40280345	I was selected as one of 24 mid-career professionals from around the world to take up a Rotary International peace fellowship. It involved three months studying peace and conflict at Chulalongkorn University, in Thailand. My classmates would be peacekeepers who had seen war and conflict up close. They were professors and activists from places such as Bosnia-Herzegovina, Ireland, Zimbabwe and Nepal. The hope was we'd graduate brimming with solutions to help a world that, let's face
36373851	The article is about the trend of working until you physically can't. It talks about how people are working longer because of higher living costs and longer life expectancies. It also talks about how there is a trend of post-retirement careers. The article mentions a restaurant in Hong Kong that hires elderly workers and a knitting business in India that hires elderly women. The article also mentions how the elderly are discriminated against in Hong Kong and how the knitting business has helped the elderly women become more confident.
40306937	Virat Kohli is a great cricketer and captain who will be watching the final from the sidelines, perhaps pondering the often tiny margins between victory and defeat in these tournaments. He is a consummate surgeon at the crease, intensely focussed, working hard, playing the ball into gaps in the field and staying calm under pressure. He is always judging the right time to consolidate and the right time to seize a game by the scruff of the neck. He has been blessed with wonderful
35561145	The Independent newspaper is closing its print edition and will become a digital-only publication. The last print edition of the Independent will be published on Saturday 26 March, while the last Independent on Sunday will be on 20 March. The Independent was set up in 1986, and at its peak had a circulation of more than 400,000 copies, but December's figures showed it lagging far behind rival national newspapers. Russian billionaire Alexander Lebedev took control of the loss-making newspapers in
36684452	The UK government has decided to abandon its target of balancing the budget by 2020. This is because the UK's vote to leave the European Union has caused the economy to slow down. The government will now borrow more money to invest in infrastructure and to mitigate the need for tax rises and spending cuts. This will help to boost the economy and create jobs. However, it is important to remember that the government cannot borrow forever and that austerity measures will still be needed in the future.
37541338	The baby boom generation has enjoyed enormous increases in the value of their homes, and a remarkable number have been able to buy second homes while younger people can't afford to buy. On top of this, many older people enjoy generous occupational pensions that guarantee them a fixed income in retirement no matter how long they live. Most younger people are unable to access these "defined benefit" schemes. Instead most pay into a "defined contribution" saving scheme, creating a pension pot that may have to be stretched thin to
39513249	Brian Matthew was a British radio presenter who was born in Coventry on 17 September 1928. He began his career in the days of skiffle and was still at the microphone in the second decade of the 21st Century. Many of the most enduring acts in pop history kick-started their careers on one of his many radio shows. And, as presenter of Thank Your Lucky Stars, he introduced the Beatles and the Rolling Stones to a television audience. He died on 8 April
39549905	Sam Gallagher's powerful header back across goal ensured Rovers, who remain in the relegation zone, are still two points from safety with three to play. Tammy Abraham's 22nd goal of the season, an exquisite finish past David Raya, had earlier put City in front. Abraham, Matty Taylor and Josh Brownhill all wasted chances to make it 2-0 before Rovers rescued a point. On-loan Chelsea striker Abraham, 19, was arguably most guilty, shooting
40594857	The Church in Wales has denied accusations of homophobia after the Bishop of Monmouth, the Very Reverend John Davies, said that the appointment of a gay bishop would be "too much of a stretch".
40765453	The pre-tournament favourites - last knocked out of this competition in 1993 - had led when Isabel Kerschowski fired in early on.
27280446	Michael McConville told the BBC he took Mr Adams' remarks "as a threat". Asked about Mr McConville's allegation, Mr Adams said: "I didn't say that." He was released without charge on Sunday after being questioned for four days about the 1972 killing. The Sinn Féin president claimed there was a "sustained, malicious, untruthful campaign" against him. It is believed police had wanted to charge Mr Adams with IRA membership. It is likely that
38638907	Karen Gillan is back where she started, making a film in Scotland. She is also starring in the next Avengers movie.
36845106	The government is planning to increase tuition fees to £9,250 for the 2017 academic year. This is a 2.8% increase from the current £9,000. The government will support an increase if universities can show they have high quality teaching. The Liberal Democrat education spokesman John Pugh has attacked the increase as "disgraceful arrogance from some universities". Sally Hunt, leader of the UCU lecturers' union, said: 'Those universities foolish enough to advertise higher
28870988	Scientists have struggled to explain the so-called pause that began in 1999, despite ever increasing levels of CO2 in the atmosphere. The latest theory says that a naturally occurring 30-year cycle in the Atlantic Ocean is behind the slowdown. The researchers says this slow-moving current could continue to divert heat into the deep seas for another decade. However, they caution that global temperatures are likely to increase rapidly when the cycle flips to a warmer phase. According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
37736459	Leeds had the better of the first half, but the Brewers came closest to opening the scoring when Ben Turner headed Matt Palmer's free-kick against the bar.
37665892	Jess Ennis-Hill is the best British athlete ever. She has won a gold medal at the Olympics, a world championship, and a silver medal at the Olympics. She has also won a world championship and a silver medal at the Olympics. She has also won a world championship and a silver medal at the Olympics. She has also won a world championship and a silver medal at the Olympics. She has also won a world championship and a silver medal at the Olympics. She has also won a world
14259356	The gunman was dressed as a police officer and shot many people on the island. The police were slow to respond to the shooting. The gunman was arrested and charged with terrorism. The death toll is rising and the police are searching the area for more victims. The gunman is reported to have been armed with a handgun, an automatic weapon and a shotgun. The gunman is reported to have been a right-wing extremist. The police are investigating whether the attacks were the work of one man or whether others helped.
37808212	Home manager Brendan Rodgers had changed to three at the back to allow Leigh Griffiths to play alongside Moussa Dembele up front. But Inverness kept them at bay until Scott Sinclair pounced to fire home after the break. Griffiths tapped in before Caley Thistle's Greg Tansey was sent off and Tom Rogic blasted home the third. That second yellow card, which came moments after the second goal, well and truly ended Caley Thistle's hopes of frustrating Celtic for
38858289	With a television audience of 110 million, it's one of the biggest platforms in the world - and Gaga has been putting in the hours to ensure her set is suitably spectacular.
37807834	Elias Kachunga had put Huddersfield ahead just four minutes earlier with his fifth goal of the season when he combined with Tommy Smith to fire home. Nahki Wells then struck the bar before Jutkiewicz netted the equaliser after the hosts failed to clear David Cotterill's dangerous free-kick. The draw kept Huddersfield third, while Birmingham moved up to seventh. Huddersfield started much the brighter side and Birmingham goalkeeper Tomasz Kuszczak
33354036	Iceland, Cyprus and Greece are all small, open economies that have been hit hard by the global financial crisis. They have all imposed capital controls to prevent a run on their banks and to protect their currencies. However, the costs of capital controls are high and the longer they remain in place, the greater the risk that they will become permanent.
33256382	The European Union has extended its sanctions against Russia for another six months. The sanctions were imposed in response to Russia's annexation of Crimea and its support for separatists in eastern Ukraine. The sanctions include travel bans and asset freezes for individuals and companies, as well as restrictions on trade and investment. Russia has imposed its own sanctions on the EU, but they have had a much smaller impact. The EU says its sanctions can be reversed when it sees Russia "contributing actively and without ambiguities" to
18482415	The eurozone group said reforms were Greece's "best guarantee" to overcome tough economic and social challenges. European markets were mixed in morning trading, after Asia had recorded earlier gains. The Syriza party, which rejected the bailout terms and came a close second, said it would lead the opposition. With 99.9% of ballots counted, interior ministry results put New Democracy on 29.7% of the vote (129 seats), Syriza on 26.9% (71
35755331	For months she's resisted closing her country's borders and setting an upper limit on the number of asylum seekers allowed into Germany despite rising, and at times frantic, public and political pressure to do so, including from within her own CDU party.
19508906	The Arctic is melting at a faster rate than expected. This is causing the sea ice to become thinner and more vulnerable. The melt is set to continue for at least another week. The Norwegian Polar Institute is at the forefront of Arctic research. The institute has been deploying its icebreaker, Lance, to research conditions between Svalbard and Greenland. The institute has been deploying its icebreaker, Lance, to research conditions between Svalbard and Greenland. The institute has been deploying its icebreaker, Lance
36509843	The article is about the violence that broke out between England fans, rival supporters and police for the last three days in the port city of Marseille. The violence started when Russian fans appeared to rush at England supporters. The article also mentions that one Briton had been seriously hurt in the earlier clashes. The article also mentions that the violence broke out in the stadium after flares were let off by Russian fans near the end of the game. The article also mentions that some fans then climbed across barriers designed to
20803992	The UK has seen a lot of extreme weather this year, from droughts to floods, and hot to cold. This has had a big impact on the UK's wine industry, as well as other industries. Scientists are trying to predict what the future weather will be like, but it is difficult to say for sure. The Environment Agency is preparing for a change in our weather patterns, and other industries, such as agriculture, also need to start planning ahead.
13979606	The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Canada for their first official overseas tour as a married couple. They were greeted by crowds of well-wishers at Ottawa airport. The couple will spend nine days in Canada, visiting seven cities. They will then travel to the US for two days.
36215186	The SNP won 56.9% of the vote in Scotland, Labour 24.3%, the Conservatives 22.6%, the Lib Dems 7.5%, and the Greens 6.6%. The SNP won 59 of the 73 constituency seats, Labour 24, the Conservatives 31, the Lib Dems 5, and the Greens 6. The SNP will have 63 seats in the Scottish parliament, the Conservatives 31, Labour 24, the Lib Dems
33155628	Poundland is a discount store that sells items for a pound. It is a successful business that has grown rapidly in the past few years. The recession has made people more careful with their money, and they have realized that they don't have to pay a lot to get good quality products. The discounters are also benefitting from a backlash against their bigger rivals: they're are seen as a welcome outsider. The discount stores have grown twice as fast as the big four supermarkets with each chain opening an
38129526	Media playback is not supported on this device
19646748	The French government has closed embassies, consulates, cultural centers, and schools in 20 countries as a precautionary measure. The government has voiced concern about the Charlie Hebdo cartoons, but has defended the freedom of the press. Riot police have been deployed around the magazine's offices in Paris. The magazine has confirmed that its website has been attacked. The magazine has published caricatures which play on both the uproar in the Islamic world over an amateur video which mocks Islam and the row over
35585087	The article is about a website that allows people to create a fake girlfriend or boyfriend. The website is called Invisible Girlfriend and it allows people to create a fake girlfriend or boyfriend. The website is free to use and it allows people to create a fake girlfriend or boyfriend. The website is free to use and it allows people to create a fake girlfriend or boyfriend. The website is free to use and it allows people to create a fake girlfriend or boyfriend. The website is free to use and it allows people to
32775998	Former Manchester United player and coach Phil Neville explains what Louis van Gaal has learned from his first season in the Premier League and why his team are not far away from being title contenders again.
31921778	The article is about a Russian massage technique called "venik" massage. It is a traditional massage method in Russia. The oak bunches are first softened in warm water. And rather than being whacked on your back in anger, they are gently and rhythmically applied. It is a popular treatment in the thousands of steam bathhouses, or "banyas", across Russia. The massage, which takes place in a sauna room set at a temperature of 70C, is said to boost
40810771	Tor is a software that allows users to access the internet anonymously. It is used by criminals to hide their identity, but also by activists and journalists in oppressive regimes. The US government has funded the project, but has also tried to crack it.
38220079	Ryan was a drug addict who was dealing drugs. He was caught and faced jail time. He was able to get his life back and started a catering company. He is now a successful businessman.
35416399	Konta continued her remarkable run with a 6-4 6-1 win over China's Zhang Shuai in the quarter-finals and next faces German seventh seed Angelique Kerber.
34136823	PM Viktor Orban said Hungary would not allow migrants to leave its territory without registering.
36934928	Summarize the following news article in 100 words or less: Rangers led early through a scrappy goal from a corner, with Nedum Onuoha appearing to bundle in from a yard out. Onuoha almost provided a second goal before the interval, but Sebastian Polter saw his low left-footed shot hit a post from the defender's ball in. Tjaronn Chery's penalty made it 2-0 after Ronaldo Vieira clumsily fouled Jordan Cousins, before
35728124	Brazil's Attorney-General, Rodrigo Janot, has asked the Supreme Court to open an investigation into Lula's alleged involvement in the multi-billion dollar scandal that has already seen dozens of lawmakers arrested.
22588954	The UK is debating whether to allow gay marriage. Some conservative MPs are against it, but the majority of MPs are in favor of it. The bill is expected to pass the House of Lords on Wednesday.
37672789	Foley was a rugby player who had many ways to score a try but the route he so often chose was the shortest route: "Straight over a fella. Sometimes you need to run at people rather than around them - you need to put a bit of manners on them." Foley died suddenly on Sunday in Paris and the game in Ireland, and beyond, is going to take some time to try to comprehend this outrageous loss. Foley was a rugby player who had many ways to score a try but the
40760787	The 23-year-old striker, on loan from Al Hilal, pounced on a sloppy pass from defender Daniel Ayala and slotted a fine finish past Darren Randolph. Boro forward Martin Braithwaite should have levelled at Molineux before the break, but headed wide while unmarked. Britt Assombalonga was denied by goalkeeper John Ruddy as Boro pressed late on and Wolves held on for victory. Wolves' new manager Nuno Espirito Santo handed starts to
21577826	The West Coast Main Line is a railway line in the United Kingdom that runs west from London Euston to Glasgow Central. It is one of the UK's most important long-distance rail links, and is used by many intercity trains, including the Virgin Trains service between London and Glasgow. The line is also used by many commuter services, including the London Midland service between London and Northampton. The line is owned by Network Rail and operated by Virgin Trains. The line was built in
12533291	The earthquake that hit Christchurch, New Zealand on Tuesday, February 22, 2011, was the country's worst natural disaster in 80 years. The tremor caused widespread damage as it occurred at a shallow depth of 5km (3.1 miles) during lunchtime when Christchurch was at its busiest. The mayor of New Zealand's second-biggest city says 120 people have been rescued from the ruins. The damage is said to be far worse than after the 7
37576755	Virtual reality is being used in many different ways, from helping people understand autism to teaching children Mandarin. It is also being used to help people overcome their fears and to help surgeons train.
16237077	The perception that in some areas police had lost control of the streets was the most important reason disorder spread, they said. The Home Affairs Committee said insufficient numbers of officers were initially deployed and police training for public disorder was inadequate. The Metropolitan Police said it had outlined what it was doing to improve. The Policing Large Scale Disorder: Lessons from the disturbances of August 2011 report said flooding the streets with police was what ultimately quelled the disorder. "If numbers could have been increased more rapidly,
36607825	Eilish McColgan is a Scottish distance runner who has had a broken ankle. She has had surgery on her ankle and now has a metal plate in her ankle. She is
36882573	The article is about the closing of the London office of the Sunday Post, a newspaper based in Dundee, Scotland. The article discusses the history of Fleet Street, which was once the center of the British newspaper industry, and the decline of the newspaper industry in general. The article also includes interviews with two journalists who worked in the London office of the Sunday Post and a former editor of the Daily Mail.
23487664	The Copper Box is a sports centre for the community. Handball is played on an indoor court between two teams of seven players. You use your hands to throw the ball into the opposing team's goal. The Copper Box is the pinnacle of handball. Paul Stewart is a handball player. He was not a handball player this time 12 months ago, but he traded some water polo tickets with friends for the chance to see the sport and a love affair was born. Dani Sposi
21457702	The documentary for me started with the questions: 'Is this the end of film? Is digital going to replace it? What are we losing if that happens and what are we gaining?,' says Keanu Reeves. The actor serves as producer, narrator and interviewer on Side by Side, in which he sets out to examine cinema's transition from film to digital formats. It seems a niche subject, but Reeves and director Chris Kenneally say they were conscious about making the film for a mainstream audience
39123281	The president released a budget proposal on Monday calling for a $54bn (Â£43bn) boost to military spending. This would be paid for, according to the plan, by gutting other programmes including foreign aid and the environmental agency. The White House also plans to reduce spending for the State Department and USAID,  say US media reports, which together received an estimated $50.1bn during the current fiscal year, or a little more than 1% of the total federal budget
39135300	The HMIC report found that most of the 43 forces in England and Wales were providing a good service. But that others have let victims down. The inspectors said there are now too few detectives and in some areas an erosion of neighbourhood policing. The former chief constable of Greater Manchester Police, Sir Peter Fahy, said that forces will have to do things differently in the future, if the government continues to ask them "to do more with less". In its annual report on forces, the inspectors
27475745	The 23-year-old batsman has set himself two goals; scoring 1,000 first-class runs for the first time in his career and breaking into the county's one-day team. Wells came close to his first target last season, when he scored 982 Championship runs at an average of 37.76, but he is eager to keep improving. "I expect a lot from myself because I believe I am a good enough player to deliver bigger and better results," he told BBC Sport.
34541264	The All Blacks were almost out of sight at half-time, Julian Savea scoring two tries and Brodie Retallick and Nehe Milner-Skudder one apiece. A try by Louis Picamoles had kept France afloat but when he was sent to the sin-bin French hopes evaporated. Savea completed a fine hat-trick and Jerome Kaino, Kieran Read and Tawera Kerr-Barlow (two) also crossed. France had hoped to draw inspiration from their
29027462	The article is about the Portuguese housing market and how it has been affected by the recession. The article also talks about how the Portuguese government has been trying to help the economy by investing in start-up businesses. The article also talks about how the Portuguese government has been trying to help the economy by investing in start-up businesses. The article also talks about how the Portuguese government has been trying to help the economy by investing in start-up businesses. The article also talks about how the Portuguese government has been trying to
36896016	For decades, large numbers of Haitians have migrated - many of them without papers - to the Dominican Republic, to escape the poverty and lack of employment in their homeland. In 2013, the Dominican Republic's highest court ruled that children born there to undocumented migrants were not automatically eligible for Dominican nationality. An 18-month period followed in which undocumented migrants were asked to "regulate their status". Thousands who did not meet the deadline left the Dominican Republic, with many saying they were forced out by
27771931	The Xbox One is a video game console developed by Microsoft. Announced in May 2013, it is the successor to Xbox 360 and is the third console in the Xbox family. It was first released in North America, parts of Europe, Australia, and South America in November 2013, and in Japan, China, and other European countries in September 2014. It is the first Xbox game console to be released in China, specifically in the Shanghai Free-Trade Zone. Microsoft
36703778	Daphne Koller, president of Coursera, said the necessary technology was available but universities had been hesitant about their "reputation". So far, online courses have mostly offered certificates for short courses rather than full degrees. Prof Koller says online degrees can be "more affordable and accessible". Founded in California four years ago, Coursera has become one of the world's biggest providers of "massive, open, online courses" - known as Moocs. The online platform has
34972475	The ATP is looking to the future and is looking to make changes to the way the sport is run. They are looking to make the sport more accessible to fans and sponsors. They are also looking to make the sport more exciting and to attract new fans.
36046503	The school is planning to shut down its sixth form because it is financially unviable. The school is proposing to stop taking new sixth formers from this autumn, with the assumption that pupils could travel to schools in other authorities. The local authority says that as this is an academy, they can't intervene. Parents have set up a protest page on Facebook, with comments about how difficult it is to get a clear answer from anyone about what is going on. The Department for Education says that if the
32131672	Christopher Hannah was driving a car which mounted the pavement and struck Sophie Brannan in Sandbank Street, Maryhill, on 14 November last year. Her friend Chelsea Sommerville, and Chelsea's uncle, Joseph Lloyd, were also badly injured. At the High Court in Glasgow, 33-year-old Hannah, who is said to be a heroin addict, admitted a charge of culpable homicide. Sentence was deferred. Following his guilty plea, the investigating officer Det Insp Colin Hailstones said
37630605	Samsung has recalled 2.5 million Galaxy Note 7 smartphones due to a battery issue. The company has said that it will offer a full refund to customers who return their phones. The recall comes after several reports of the phones catching fire. Samsung has said that it is working with the relevant regulatory bodies to investigate the issue.
34560658	Pakistan seemed to be cruising to a draw before debutant Adil Rashid - who returned 0-163 in the first innings - turned the match with five wickets.
37604151	Donald Trump denied ever sexually assaulting women, but turned his fire on ex-President Bill Clinton in a bitter US presidential debate. "There's never been anybody in the history of politics that has been so abusive to women," he said. Hillary Clinton refused to address his comments about her husband. Mr Trump's attack on the Clintons came after moderator Anderson Cooper asked him about a 2005 video released on Friday that revealed Mr Trump bragging about groping women. The 70-year-old billionaire dismissed the remarks
37282644	Bartosz Bialkowski made three good saves to keep Derby out in a first half that the home side dominated. Luke Varney gave Ipswich the lead early in the second half with his side's first real effort when Scott Carson failed to keep out his long-range shot. The result means Derby have still only scored one league goal this season. Derby move out of the bottom three by virtue of goal difference, despite having lost for the third successive match, while Ipswich move up to ninth place
13569129	The government of Angola has withdrawn a bill that would have made it illegal to share information electronically that could "destroy, alter or subvert state institutions" or "damage national integrity or independence." The bill would have made it illegal for anyone to search for information about the state, even if it was not classified. The bill was withdrawn after pressure from civil society and local journalists, who had strongly opposed the legislation claiming that it was "totalitarian" and violated basic freedom of expression. The bill was withdrawn
35801175	The article is about the refugees who are coming to Serbia from the Middle East. They are coming to Serbia because they are looking for a better life. They are coming to Serbia because they are looking for a better life. They are coming to Serbia because they are looking for a better life. They are coming to Serbia because they are looking for a better life. They are coming to Serbia because they are looking for a better life. They are coming to Serbia because they are looking for a better life.
25019896	The Scot had already forged a successful karate career, spending six years on the international stage, and then came close to a 2006 Winter Olympic berth in bobsleigh, before winning rowing gold at the London 2012 Paralympics.
35559861	The banks are not as solid as we have been led to believe. Sir John Vickers, who led the Independent Commission on Banking, said that banks should have more money in reserve, to enable them to survive any future financial crisis without a bailout from the taxpayer. The banks have been told to get their house in order and have been doing just that, especially under something called Basle 3, an international agreement to massively increase the reserves the banks have to hold in case of losses or a massive
40300369	The prime minister faced cries of "coward" and "shame on you". One woman wept, saying it was because the PM declined to speak to anyone outside the meeting which lasted less than hour. Mrs May pledged £5m of support, housing guarantees and help with access to bank accounts and cash. "The package of support I'm announcing today is to give the victims the immediate support they need to care for themselves and for loved ones. We will continue to look at what more needs
38185491	Wolff has a shortlist of three - Bottas, Vettel and Alonso. But he will have to work hard to get any of them.
35001427	Universities minister Jo Johnson has announced plans for "better targeting" of Disabled Students' Allowances.
38753430	The Seagulls remain one point ahead of second-placed Newcastle. Tommy Smith's angled shot put the hosts in front before Tomer Hemed rounded the goalkeeper to equalise. Nahki Wells fired into the top corner and Elias Kachunga nodded in to make it 3-1 before half-time, and Lewis Dunk's red card added to Brighton's misery. Centre-back Dunk was sent off for a second yellow card midway through the second half for a lunging challenge on Izzy Brown,
34964522	The Ofsted annual report 2015 shows that about a third of secondary schools in the North and Midlands are not good enough. The chief inspector of schools warns of schools in some cities in the North and Midlands that have "failed miserably year after year after year". The report highlights concerns about a north-south gap - with stronger GCSE results in London and the South and weaker results in parts of the North and Midlands. The Ofsted chief says that more attention must be focused on regions where
13037771	George Cole, the actor who played Arthur Daley in the long-running TV series Minder, has died at the age of 90. He was best known for his role as the dodgy car dealer in the series, which ran for 11 series between 1979 and 1994. He also starred in the BBC radio series A Life of Bliss, which was later adapted for TV. Cole was born in Tooting, south-west London, in 1925. He left school at
23237285	The article is about the practice of giving envelopes to doctors and nurses in Vietnam. The article states that the practice is a part of the culture and is not a bribe. The article also states that the practice is not a bribe but a gift. The article also states that the practice is not a bribe but a gift. The article also states that the practice is not a bribe but a gift. The article also states that the practice is not a bribe but a gift. The
37651767	The visitors, managed by former Burton boss Gary Rowett, pinned the Brewers back in the opening exchanges. But Jackson Irvine then tested Blues keeper Adam Legzdins before former Birmingham loan signing Lloyd Dyer put Burton ahead with a superb finish. Jamie Ward volleyed the second, before skipper Michael Morrison headed Blues' best chance wide from a late corner. Burton's second victory in nine league games lifts Nigel Clough's side six places to 13th in the Championship, while Birmingham remain fifth after
23283820	The Liverpool Care Pathway is a system that was developed in the 1990s to provide a model of best practice in the care of dying patients. It can mean an end to invasive tests, treatment or feeding through tubes that is deemed to cause unnecessary suffering at the end of life - but it should be discussed with the patient, family or carer where possible. The review was likely to conclude the LCP needed to be replaced, it said in a statement. The statement gave no indication of
29345662	The United States team have repeatedly stated that beating the world number one would give them a boost of greater significance than the point they would put on the scoreboard. The theory follows that McIlroy should therefore be targeted in the draw, along with the talismanic Ian Poulter, who boasts an 80% winning record in his four Ryder Cups to date. "They win a match against me, they get a point. No more, no less," McIlroy said. He was stating
40760771	The Dane, Cardiff's top scorer last season, had seen an early effort ruled out for off-side and then found Burton keeper Stephen Bywater in fine form. But with three minutes left Zohore held off two defenders to curl a shot home. Burton could have led in the first half when Marvin Sordell's goal-bound shot was blocked, but had to thank Bywater after half-time as Cardiff dominated. Luck had not been with Nigel Clough's side this week with Liam Boyce suffering
39415834	The Ulster Gazette carries the story of a Portadown man who was stopped on his way back from a Bulgarian 'lad's holiday' with a knuckle duster, stun device, extendable baton and pepper spray.
26948735	The athlete denies deliberately shooting dead Ms Steenkamp on Valentine's Day last year, arguing he mistook her for an intruder. Prosecutors contend he intentionally killed her in the toilet of his bathroom after a row. The 27-year-old Olympic and Paralympic sprinter, who is a double amputee, faces life imprisonment if convicted of murder. On Tuesday, he broke down in tears whilst describing the events leading up to the shooting and the actual event. Mr Pistorius
34998776	The Republican Jewish Coalition presidential forum was held in Washington, DC, on Thursday. The event was held in the wake of the San Bernardino shootings, which took place on Wednesday. The candidates were asked to comment on the shootings and the possibility that they were related to terrorism. Some candidates, such as Ted Cruz, directly linked the shootings to terrorism, while others, such as Marco Rubio, were more cautious in their comments. The candidates also discussed their views on gun control and the need for stricter laws.
38232115	The visitors led when Simon Makienok finished calmly for his second league goal this season from Greg Cunningham's pass just before the interval. Forest improved after the break and they levelled when Thomas Lam's volley went in via the post and Preston goalkeeper Chris Maxwell. Makienok and Alan Browne forced fine saves from Forest's Vladimir Stojkovic as the match finished level. Forest, who had been hammered 3-0 at rivals Derby on Sunday, started slowly and could have fallen behind in
36875714	The stormy weather made for treacherous racing on slippery roads but Team Sky's Froome survived the final descent into Morzine to maintain his overall lead. Froome's lead over Romain Bardet of four minutes five seconds will not be tested on the final stage in Paris. Stage 20 was won by Spanish Movistar rider Jon Izaguirre. He rode clear of fellow breakaway riders Jarlinson Pantano of the IAM Cycling team and 2014 Tour de France winner
32950900	The article is about the former general David Petraeus, who was the architect of the "surge" in Iraq that deployed more US troops, but equally important, got them out of their defended compounds to create security at a local level. He also greatly expanded the Anbar Awakening, the mobilisation of Sunni tribesmen to combat al-Qaeda. He was the commander of the international troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. He was the head of the CIA but was forced to stand down in 2012,
34217549	The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers should be paid for the time they spend travelling to and from their first and last jobs of the day. The ruling relates to the Working Time Directive - the European initiative which caps the working week at 48 hours. In the UK, employees have the option of opting out of the directive. The ruling could eventually affect pay. Unions say the ruling does not directly deal with remuneration, focussing instead on working hours and conditions. But
34994457	The Labour Party is in a state of civil war. The leader, Jeremy Corbyn, is deeply unpopular with the majority of his MPs, but is supported by the majority of his party members. The MPs are considering a coup to remove him, but are divided on who to replace him with. The Labour Party is in a state of civil war. The leader, Jeremy Corbyn, is deeply unpopular with the majority of his MPs, but is supported by the majority of his party members. The MPs are considering
38365929	That was a maxim Gabor, who has died at the age of 99, seemed to live by. With nine nuptials, she was the celebrity world's most prolific knot-tier. But others have come close.
36370553	The death of Mullah Mansour will not necessarily mean the end of the Taliban, or the end of the opium trade.
22762984	The government is planning to cut £220m from the annual criminal case legal aid budget in England and Wales. The plans include: 1. Fewer but bigger organisations providing legal aid. 2. A disposable income cap of £37,500 per household. 3. A residency test to determine eligibility. 4. Price competitive tendering. 5. A fixed fee for guilty and not guilty pleas. 6. A fixed fee for all cases. 7. A fixed fee
37808100	Media playback is not supported on this device Ali Crawford missed a hat-trick of chances for Accies in the first half while Killie's Kris Boyd twice headed wide from close range. Souleymane Coulibaly's volley for the hosts just after the break was well saved by Gary Woods. Boyd fired into the net after connecting with an Adam Frizzell shot but the striker was flagged offside as both sides had to settle for a point. There was a familiarity about the manner in which
38843341	The article is about a trial in Sweden where nurses were given six-hour shifts instead of eight-hour shifts. The trial was successful in that the nurses were less likely to take sick leave, reported better health, and were more productive. However, the trial was expensive and not sustainable for the entire municipality. The article also discusses the challenges of implementing six-hour shifts in other industries, such as the start-up world, where the borders between work and private life are not as clear.
35483754	Celtic have signed Manchester City's Patrick Roberts on loan for the rest of the season. The 18-year-old winger has made 10 appearances for City's first team and has been capped by England at under-18 and under-19 level. He has also played for England at under-20 level. Roberts, who has scored 10 goals in 25 appearances for City's under-21 side, will wear the number 11 shirt at Celtic Park. He is the latest in a long line
36327826	Robin Wright, who plays Claire Underwood in House of Cards, was paid less than her male co-star Kevin Spacey. She used her popularity to negotiate a pay rise. She is an example of a woman who has used her leverage to get a fair wage. However, the gender pay gap is still a problem in the US. Women are paid less than men, even when they are doing the same job. This is a problem for women of all races. The pay gap is even bigger for
17614190	The article is about the efforts being made to promote football in India. The article mentions that football is not as popular as cricket in India. The article also mentions that the Indian economy is booming and that the country is hosting the 2014 World Cup. The article also mentions that there are a number of initiatives under way to boost the sport. The article also mentions that the challenges are to nurture that growing interest while wooing fans away from watching overseas football on TV, and the need to create a
20476654	The foster parents say "no discussions" took place between them and the council prior to the children's removal. The children - who are European migrants - were removed by social workers who accused the unnamed couple of belonging to a "racist party". Council leader Roger Stone said it was launching an immediate investigation. The BBC understands that the three children are all under 10 and one is a baby. The education secretary said the "wrong decision" was made "in the wrong way for the wrong reasons".
31365272	The article is about the new generation of cancer drugs that are being developed. These drugs are targeted at the genetic mutations that drive cancer growth. The article also talks about the problem of cancer resistance and how scientists are trying to keep pace with it by using drugs in combination or even in rotation. The article also mentions the success of immunotherapy in treating malignant melanoma and how it may be able to deal with the problem of resistance. The article ends by talking about the cost of these new drugs and the
36716861	The Education Policy Institute think tank has produced a league table of academy trusts and councils in England. David Laws, former schools minister and the institute's chairman, said successive governments had been "in denial" about failing academies. The Local Government Association said it showed academies were no "magic bullet" for improving schools. A Department for Education spokesman said: "Our ambition remains for all schools to become academies." Mr Laws said that when he served as education minister in the coalition government there had been
29160114	In a wide-ranging interview with the BBC he discusses a number of cricketing issues, including his concerns for the future of Test cricket and next summer's Ashes series in England.
32570115	Chelsea have been brilliant and the rest of
26198076	The BBC's School Report is a project that gives 11- to 16-year-olds the chance to make their own news reports for a real audience.
35412495	The article is about the rugby player, Hamish Hardie, who is a Scotland international. He has never played an international in Scotland, but has played in other countries. He is afraid of the dark and has been to a haunted house. He is a strange animal because he is a Scotland international who has never played in Scotland. He is a good player and has been in the World Cup team. He is a good player and has been in the World Cup team. He is a good player
33159899	Kevin Hyland told the BBC it was "deeply concerning" that hundreds of Nigerians were brought in every year for prostitution or forced labour. Mr Hyland said the problem of such exploitation was "enormous". The Home Office said it was "committed to tackling modern slavery" and was addressing specific issues in Nigeria. The commissioner, who has only been in post for six months, says he can't think of anything more worrying than women and children being raped and forced into domestic servitude.
12431180	Kizza Besigye is a Ugandan politician who is running for president in the 2016 election. He has been arrested numerous times and has been accused of inciting violence. He is married to Winnie Byanyima, a former MP who is seen as intelligent and ambitious and who was once a close personal friend of Mr Museveni. Mr Besigye and his wife have one son. He was born in the western Rukungiri District, the second child in a family
21468892	Jeremy Fernandez, a Malaysian-born Australian news presenter, was the victim of a racist incident on a bus in Sydney. The mother of a small girl on the bus accused Fernandez of touching her daughter, and then proceeded to hurl racist abuse at him. Fernandez described the incident as his "Rosa Parks moment", and it has sparked a national conversation about racism in Australia.
34789836	Judith Hill's debut album Back In Time is out now on NPG Records.
22763719	When someone has a cigarette they inhale smoke - but this smoke is also breathed in by everyone else around them - and this is called passive smoking.
33365674	The world changed on 6 August 1945. Arguably, the appalling effects of that first atomic strike - and the subsequent attack on Nagasaki - have played a large part in the determination to prevent the use of far more devastating weapons developed since.
24616801	The NHS is spending £2bn a year on people who are not entitled to free care. The government is planning to save £500m a year by introducing a £200-a-year levy on migrants from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) staying for between six months and five years, and a cost-recovery unit will also be set up to help hospitals claw back money they are owed by other governments for treating foreign nationals visiting the UK. The government accepts it cannot recoup all of this
26966304	Atletico Madrid are for real. They are a team that is not supposed to do well in the modern game. They are a team that is not supposed to be in the Champions League semi-finals. They are a team that is not supposed to be in the top of La Liga. They are a team that is not supposed to be in the top of La Liga. They are a team that is not supposed to be in the top of La Liga. They are a team that is not supposed
20803548	The Banking Standards Commission wants the government to "electrify" the fence so banks won't try to "game" the rules. That means regulators having the power to fully break up a bank if it does not follow the ring-fence proposals. The bank reforms will go before Parliament early next year. The Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards, known as the Banking Commission for short, was asked by Chancellor George Osborne to study the draft version of the government's Financial Services (Banking Reform) Bill.
36732018	Wales' players have dubbed their supporters as the 'Red Wall'. The bond between Wales' players and fans has been one of the defining features of Euro 2016, a symbiotic relationship that has propelled the country's football to new heights. The beaming smiles on Welsh fans' faces before their opening match in Bordeaux spoke of a disbelief at seeing their team finally claiming their place among international football's elite. Wales' players would have been forgiven for feeling as if they were living in a bubble at
38756997	The number of celebrity perfumes on the market has rocketed in the last decade. Jennifer Lopez's Glow changed everything. Suddenly, everyone and their goldfish had a scent of their own. And they sold by the truckload. Brands can see a huge surge in sales and awareness when a celebrity face resonates with their audience. We all still aspire to be more like our idols and connecting through a fragrance is one way of doing that. Britney Spears has stood the test of time. The Secret
34384083	Andre Andre gave Porto the lead, volleying in after Asmir Begovic pushed away Yacine Brahimi's effort. Midfielder Willian equalised on the stroke of half-time with a superb free-kick from the edge of the area. Maicon put the home side ahead again with a flicked header at the front post, before Diego Costa rattled the bar with a curling shot. Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas and Pedro both forced Spain team-mate Iker Cas
33025872	The plan, likely to come into force in 2017 and the first in the UK, has already divided opinion among health and medical groups, including some anti-smoking campaigners.
34768119	The HM Inspectorate of Constabulary report, which concentrates on police call-handling more generally, found examples of call handlers being under pressure to end calls quickly and grading of calls being dependent on resources available.
36200366	The UK will take in more child refugees from Europe, but only those who arrived before March 20th. The government has been under pressure to accept 3,000 child refugees who have made it into Europe unaccompanied. The government says the number will depend on what councils can cope with. Funding will be made available from central government for those councils willing to take in unaccompanied child migrants, said a source. Immigration minister James Brokenshire told a meeting of Conservative MPs he was
37987166	The Social Mobility Commission warns of many "treadmill families running harder and harder but standing still". It points to an unfair education system, a two-tier labour market, a regionally imbalanced economy and unaffordable housing. Prime Minister Theresa May has promised to tackle social inequalities. The commission's State of the Nation 2016 report, laid before Parliament on Wednesday, says young families now can no longer expect to do as well as their parents' generation. It highlights that home ownership is in
33567564	If you were sold PPI via your credit card then the differences can amount to thousands of pounds. This is because of the way some credit card providers interpret the regulatory guidelines. "It's becoming a bit of a lottery," personal finance expert Jonquil Lowe told BBC Radio 4's Moneybox programme. "The amount of redress you get depends on which provider you happen to have your credit card with," said Ms Lowe, who is a lecturer in personal finance at the Open University. These differences
30546498	Botswana is a country that has been known for its diamond industry. However, the country is now facing a crisis because of the global economic downturn. The country is now looking to diversify its economy by strengthening existing sectors like tourism and cattle farming, and investing in burgeoning industries spawning from technology and entrepreneurship. However, the country is facing a lot of challenges in diversifying its economy. The country is also facing a lot of challenges in diversifying its economy. The country is also facing a lot of
32956824	The article is about the growing popularity of soccer in the United States. It is not a niche sport anymore. It is the fourth most popular high school sport for boys, and the third for girls. The article also talks about the corruption in FIFA and how the US authorities have targeted foreign nationals.
22765879	Songkick is a website and app that helps music fans find out about concerts and gigs in their area. It also helps bands and singers find out where they should play live, and how much to charge for tickets.
40244905	The Labour Party won the youth vote in the 2017 general election. This was due to a combination of factors, including the use of social media, the Labour Party's manifesto, and Jeremy Corbyn's rallies. The Labour Party also targeted young people with their policies, such as the scrapping of tuition fees and the reintroduction of maintenance grants. The Labour Party's success in winning the youth vote is likely to have a positive impact on the party's future prospects.
30520596	The Pakistani Taliban did it. The organisation claimed the attacks. The intelligence service ISI recorded real time messages from handlers to the gunmen in the school. Those messages, the ISI has told journalists, came from the phones of Afghan-based, Pakistani Taliban organisers. But in Peshawar even people who witnessed the attack hesitate to blame the Taliban by name. They not only fear reprisals but are also following the hesitancy of a political elite that remains largely unwilling to name and condemn the Pakistani Taliban
40410798	The Schalke midfielder swept home a Benjamin Henrichs pass from 20 yards and then slotted home from Timo Werner's through ball. Werner then tapped home Jonas Hector's pass to increase Germany's lead. Marco Fabian scored a brilliant 35-yard strike for Mexico, before Amin Younes added a fourth for Germany. Mexico had plenty of chances to come back into the game at 2-0 down but squandered them. Fabian's stunner came too late to
39075921	Instead, she became a songwriter for hire, donating hits to the likes of Cher, Christina Aguilera and Rihanna (more on that later). Then fate came calling...
30722038	The gunman who is thought to have killed four people and held a number of others hostage at a Jewish supermarket in eastern Paris has been identified as 32-year-old Amedy Coulibaly. Police also believe he killed a policewoman in the Montrouge area of the French capital on Thursday. Coulibaly is believed to have had a long history of criminal activity - including drugs offences - and links to at least one of the Kouachi brothers. Born in Juvisy-sur-
37882468	Andy Murray is the first British tennis player to be ranked world number one. He has been ranked number one for the first time in his career. He has been ranked number one for the first time in his career. He has been ranked number one for the first time in his career. He has been ranked number one for the first time in his career. He has been ranked number one for the first time in his career. He has been ranked number one for the first time in his career. He
38727201	Hamilton Academical 3, Inverness CT 0. 
32912445	The article is about the sponsors of the FIFA World Cup and how they are being affected by the recent corruption scandal. The article states that the sponsors have paid tens of millions of pounds to be associated with the World Cup, but now their names are being associated with corruption. The article also states that some of the sponsors are concerned about the situation and are considering ending their sponsorship deals. The article also mentions that the recent scandal may cause sponsors to move away from backing large events and towards backing smaller, grass
35748458	The season was so dramatic it inspired director Ron Howard to make the 2013 film Rush. However, almost the entire season - including the British Grand Prix - was not broadcast on television in the UK because one of the cars was sponsored by a condom manufacturer. BBC Sport tells the story of how a forward-thinking contraception company led to an F1 blackout, as the sport draped itself in cigarette advertising. Forty years ago, moral standards and sensitivities were different in Britain, while levels of advertising on TV
35500894	Earth Wind & Fire was a band that was formed in 1969 by Maurice White. They were a band that was known for their funk and soul music. They were also known for their positive message and their ability to bring people together. They were a band that was loved by many and will be missed by all.
38025397	The article is about a man named James Anderson who was born in Dumfries, Scotland. He was a captain of a ship that laid a telegraph cable under the Atlantic Ocean. He was given the freedom of the burgh after achieving what was something akin to the moon landing of its time. The menu for the 200 invited guests at the Assembly Rooms was of a quality - and scale - reserved for only the most special occasions. The dinner was plentiful, rich and well diversified. The bill
27575869	The European Parliament elections were held on 22-25 May 2014. The elections were held in 28 member states of the European Union. The elections were held to elect 751 members of the European Parliament. The elections were held in 28 member states of the European Union. The elections were held to elect 751 members of the European Parliament. The elections were held in 28 member states of the European Union. The elections were held to elect 751 members of the European Parliament.
36240334	Swansea City 1, Manchester City 1.  Match ends, Swansea City 1, Manchester City 1.
39149505	Both teams had a man sent off - the Terrors' Lewish Toshney, and solitary goalscorer Jason Cummings who picked up two yellow cards apiece at Tannadice. Cummings volleyed in the only goal after 38 minutes, shortly after Toshney's dismissal. But his 75th-minute sending off for punching the ball into the United net made for a nervous finale for Hibs. Neil Lennon's side extended their lead at the Championship summit to nine points, ahead
31037598	The minute's silence went relatively well because we only had two incidents. The pupils involved showed reticence so they had a chat with the civics teachers.
38502617	Exeter Chiefs boss Rob Baxter also says a "sacking culture" comparable to football is creeping into rugby union.
34534840	The cost of watching football in Britain has mostly remained the same or even become cheaper, suggests pressure from supporters and government has finally had an impact after the ticket price inflation of recent seasons, along with clubs becoming more prepared to pass on more of their ever-increasing broadcast rights revenues to their customers. However, it appears the sport is still becoming more expensive for the poorest fans who want to go and watch occasional matches. The average price of the cheapest match-day ticket has gone through the £30 barrier for
33551340	When Google paid $3.2bn (Â£2.1bn) to buy Tony Fadell's start-up Nest in 2014, it got much more than just an internet-connected thermostat and smoke detector. It got the man dubbed the "the iPod's father" - the engineer/designer who sold Steve Jobs on his vision of a portable music player, and then worked alongside Jony Ive to build it, update it and then repeat the process with the iPhone. Now, the
15949285	Relations with Iran have been shaky since the Islamic Revolution in 1979. The British embassy in Tehran is expected to be reopened within days, during a visit to Iran by Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond and a delegation of business leaders. The move follows a deal agreed by Iran with six world powers on curbing its nuclear programme. The reopening of the embassy was first publicly proposed by the UK government last year, but had been held up by problems including Iran's reluctance to relax import laws which slowed the replacement of
36602399	The article is about the political and ethnic violence that ensued in Kenya after the disputed election of 2007. The author is worried that the country is walking dangerously close to the "mass grave" it dug for itself in 2008. He says that the political and ethnic violence that ensued claimed the lives of more than 1,000 Kenyans and forced hundreds of thousands to flee their homes. He also says that the mayhem that greeted the announcement of the final election result in December of
37318935	The United Patients Alliance says 30% of cannabis patients surveyed by the APPG cited depression as a reason for self-medication - though patients reported multiple conditions and depression often accompanies other primary conditions. About a quarter of patients said they used the drug to combat anxiety and a quarter mentioned pain. Almost 70% of the patients surveyed said they had tried conventional medicines first, before turning to cannabis. Doctors told Faye she would have to take low dosages of cancer drugs for the rest of her life
29478415	The Catalan regional parliament has voted to start the secession process, but Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has gone to the Constitutional Court to suspend the resolution. Secession is banned under Spain's constitution and the prime minister has accused campaigners of trying to "liquidate" the nation. When Catalan nationalists held an unofficial poll in November 2014, 80% of those who voted backed independence. The vote was non-binding as the Constitutional Court had ruled it illegal. But the secessionists viewed it
35095267	The article is about the business leaders and rock music legends who share their thoughts on running or setting up a business in 2016. The article is divided into two parts. The first part is about the business leaders and the second part is about the rock music legends. The business leaders have shared their thoughts on how to run a business in 2016. They have also shared their thoughts on how to set up a business in 2016. The rock music legends have shared their thoughts on how
40018483	Summarize the following news article in 100 words or less:
39984102	Match ends, Celtic 2, Aberdeen 1.
37459852	Swansea City 1, Liverpool 2.
36014166	All Saints is a British girl group formed in 1993. They are best known for their number one singles "Never Ever", "Under the Bridge"/"Lady Marmalade", "Bootie Call", "Pure Shores" and "Black Coffee". The group's debut album, Saints & Sinners, was released in 1997 and became the fastest-selling debut album by an all-female group in the UK, selling over 1.7 million copies in the UK alone.
38059968	The Premier League hosts huffed and puffed before Divock Origi stole behind the Leeds defence to sweep in Trent Alexander-Arnold's right-wing cross from close range. They secured a place in the last four when Wales Under-19 international Woodburn, aged 17 years and 45 days, fired in the second to beat Owen's record by 98 days. Liverpool hit a post through Georginio Wijnaldum shortly before the opener, but the scoreline was somewhat harsh on
19341954	Meles Zenawi was a complex figure, hard to pigeon-hole, much less force into a one-dimensional portrait frame. He was a riddle and a mystery inside an enigma, and by extension so too the secretive state he presided over. But he was the one African leader who was impossible to ignore. Since 1991 he has been the undisputed and pre-eminent key player in the Horn - a formidable strategist whose role remained indispensable in the regional efforts to resolve deadly conflicts and contain
39875134	The Washington Post demanded impeachment, followed by a Senate trial. Time magazine, deeming it necessary to publish its first-ever editorial, thundered: "The president should resign." Outside the White House, protesters waved placards at passing motorists: "Honk for Impeachment." Even Washington's most influential columnist, Stewart Alsop, who was normally supportive of the president, called him an "ass." The president had lost his moral authority, argued his critics, and with it, his ability to
29802581	Google is working on technology that combines disease-detecting nanoparticles, which would enter a patient's bloodstream via a swallowed pill, with a wrist-worn sensor. The idea is to identify slight changes in the person's biochemistry that could act as an early warning system. The work is still at an early stage. Early diagnosis is the key to treating disease. Many cancers, such as pancreatic, are detected only after they have become untreatable and fatal. There are marked differences between cancerous and
37420223	Rafa Benitez's ill-fated reign had left Los Blancos trailing both Atletico Madrid and Barcelona in La Liga, with points dropped in four of their previous eight games and memories still fresh of a humiliating 4-0 home thrashing by Barca.
31922609	The war on drugs has been lost. The world is moving towards legalization of drugs. The US is the only country that is still fighting the war on drugs. The US is spending billions of dollars on the war on drugs. The war on drugs is not working. The US is not making any progress in the war on drugs. The US is not reducing the use of drugs. The US is not reducing the production of drugs. The US is not reducing the trafficking of drugs. The US is not
39949130	The article is about the upcoming election in the UK. It talks about how the people of the North East of England feel about the election. It also talks about how the people of the North East feel about the Conservative party and the Labour party. The article also talks about how the people of the North East feel about the current Prime Minister, Theresa May.
39677397	The Romanian captain, Ilie Nastase, was sent off for swearing at the umpire and abusing the British players. The match was suspended for 25 minutes, and the Romanian team was fined $10,000. The International Tennis Federation is investigating the incident.
33408096	The article is about a group of people who went to Vietnam to interview North Vietnamese veterans about their experiences during the Vietnam War. The article is written in a way that makes it easy to read and understand. The article is also very informative and gives a lot of details about the war.
37393486	Alexis Sanchez took advantage of Gary Cahill's error to race clear and lift a composed finish over Thibaut Courtois after 11 minutes, and Theo Walcott completed a brilliant move to steer in Hector Bellerin's pass three minutes later.
35566703	Media playback is not supported on this device
39941124	The president has broad powers to declassify whatever he deems necessary. As the old Richard Nixon line goes: "When the president does it, that means it is not illegal". The president's explanation is not absolution, however. A wave of the hand on Twitter isn't going to make this story go away any time soon. Here are five reasons why. Let's get the impeachment question out of the way first. Shortly after the Washington Post story detailing the allegations broke, there were cries of
37982000	Mr Trump has kept some of his promises, but not all. He has also changed his mind on some issues, and has been forced to change his approach on others.
37670362	The Blues, who sacked Mourinho for a second time last year, led after just 30 seconds when Pedro capitalised on slack defending to roll in. Gary Cahill smashed in the second after United allowed Eden Hazard's corner to bounce in their box. United offered little sign of making a comeback, falling further behind when Hazard drilled in a precise 15-yard strike. N'Golo Kante skipped around a static defence to slot in and seal victory as Chelsea moved within a point of Premier League leaders
35654894	The election of a new president is a pivotal moment for Fifa, which has been heavily criticised for its lack of transparency and for failing to clamp down on corruption within it. A new leader, together with a raft of reform measures, is seen as a chance to start afresh.
40012848	The Great City Games, an open and free event for the public, is due to take place in Manchester on Friday. Organisers said the event will go ahead as planned, but a decision on Sunday's Great Manchester Run "is expected in the next 24 hours". The FA Cup final, EFL play-offs and the PGA Championship are also this week. An eight-year-old girl was among those killed in Monday's suicide bombing at Manchester Arena, at the end of a concert by US singer Ari
34097904	The article is about a British soccer player who went to the United States to play soccer. He was released by Norwich City as a schoolboy, and he entered semi-professional football, turning out for King's Lynn and Staines Town, who play in the Ryman Premier Division. He decided to move to the United States, and he signed up to a firm who - for a fee - help organise soccer scholarships at US colleges for young, talented British footballers. He spent two years at Tyler
30923145	The article is about the last minute negotiations that occur when the transfer window is about to shut. The author has interviewed two agents, David Seligman and Eric Hall, to get their insight into the type of last-ditch negotiations that occur when the transfer window is about to shut. The author has also discussed the tricks of the trade that an agent can use to get the best deal for his client. He has also discussed how to keep the player happy and what kind of clauses/add-ons go into
35097223	Jean-Marc Bosman did not trademark any moments of skill, score famous late winners or carry his teams to success but he was good enough to win 20 youth caps for Belgium and break into the first team of one of his country's best clubs at 18. That, however, is not what earns him a place alongside Charlemagne, Audrey Hepburn and Hercule Poirot in a list of famous Belgians. Twenty years ago on Tuesday, Bosman emerged from the European Court
36458579	Muhammad Ali was a boxer who was known for his boxing skills and his personality. He was a great boxer and he was also a great person. He was a great boxer and he was also a great person. He was a great boxer and he was also a great person. He was a great boxer and he was also a great person. He was a great boxer and he was also a great person. He was a great boxer and he was also a great person. He was a great boxer and
33440287	The United States is no longer the world's sole superpower. The country's global standing has waned. The cost, human and financial, is considered too great. Americans increasingly think that other countries should share the burden. The upshot is that the United States is no longer so keen to exert leadership in an increasingly messy world. Over the course of this century Washington has lost its fear factor. World leaders nowadays seem prepared to provoke the wrath of the White House, confident that it will never rain
27536258	Saracens have a unique way of doing things, which has led to success on the pitch and off it.
29945991	1. Liverpool's title challenge is over. 2. Liverpool's defense is still a problem. 3. Liverpool's strikers are not good enough. 4. Liverpool's strikers do not work hard enough. 5. Liverpool's strikers do not run enough. 6. Liverpool's strikers do not score enough. 7. Liverpool's strikers do not score enough goals in the first half. 8. Liverpool's strikers do not score enough goals from
37845488	The story of Sumarti: Born in Indonesia, murdered in Hong Kong
