5937	The case court judgement is about the assessable value of the processed fabric. The assessable value is the value of the grey cloth in the hands of the processor plus the value of the job work done plus manufacturing profit and manufacturing expenses. The factory gate here means the "deemed" factory gate as if the processed fabric was sold by the processor. If the trader, who entrusts cotton or man made fabric to the processor for processing on job work basis, would give a declaration to the processor
5888	The appellant was blacklisted by the Collector of the district after perusal of the office note passed on 25th March, 1988. The appellant was not given any notice of the proposal of black listing the appellant. The appellant was not given any opportunity of making representation. The appellant was not given any opportunity of making representation. The appellant was not given any opportunity of making representation. The appellant was not given any opportunity of making representation. The appellant was not given any opportunity of making representation.
6245	The short question in these appeals is as to whether the High Court was right in upholding the decision of the Uttar Pradesh Public Service Commission to re hold the recruitment examination.
6728	The petitioners were the owners of certain lands which were acquired by the respondents under the provisions of Sections 17 and 19 of the Bangalore Development Act, 1976 (hereinafter referred to as "the Bangalore Act"). Under the provisions of Section 36 of the Bangalore Act, where the acquisitions, otherwise than by agreement, it will be regulated by the provisions, as far they are applicable, of the Land Acquisition Act, 1894 (hereinafter referred to as "the Land
4807	The appellant was appointed as a clerk by the Loharu Panchayat Samiti in 1963, long before the Amending Act came into force on June 13, 1973. He was, therefore, entitled to be absorbed in Government service as a clerk in any event. But, as a result of the deletion of section 33 of the Act by the Amending Act of 1973, the Panchayat Samiti lost its power to make appointments to the
2796	The case was about the theft of cotton pieces from two carts within the limits of Lingsugar Police Station at about 11 30 p.m. The accused were convicted on the sole evidence of having in their possession pieces of cloth which were later identified to belong to the traders. The High Court, and the Court below drew from this the conclusion that the appellants were themselves the dacoits, and convicted them accordingly under section 395 of the Indian Penal Code and sentenced them to'5
4963	The case is about the inclusion of the accrued interest on the money lending investments in the wealth tax assessments of the assessee. The assessee maintained its books of account in accordance with the cash system of accounting. The accrued interest on the money lending investments could not be included in the wealth tax assessments. The Appellate Assistant Commissioner deleted the additions of Rs. 1,50,000 representing accrued interest. The Wealth Tax Officer appealed to the Appellate Tribunal and contended that accrued interest was
6413	The appellant had been sentenced to undergo R.I. for 15 months under section 5(2) read with section 5(1)(d) of the Prevention of Corruption Act with no separate sentence under section 161 I.P.C.
6668	The case is about the property of Subbamma. Subbamma adopted one K.V Seshiah. Seshiah married two wives. Through the first wife he had a son born to him by name Sudarshan Gupta and through the second another son by name Anand Babu. In February, 1985, during the pendency of the special leave petition the adoptive mother died. Sudarshan and Anand Babu led claim to the entire property of Subbamma exclusively
715	The case is about the dismissal of a bus conductor by the appellant. The appellant was convicted under section 31(1) read with section 33(1) of the Industrial Disputes Act, 1947. The appellant appealed against the conviction. The court held that the conciliation proceedings were pending at the time of the dismissal of the bus conductor and therefore the appellant was rightly convicted under section 31(1) read with section 33 of the Act.
3019	The respondent was a commissioned officer in the Indian Army and was attached to the Army Ordnance Corps Training Centre, Secundrabad. It was alleged that on April 4, 1958, he committed acts of gross misconduct. The allegations were as follows: "Knowing Kumari Prakash as the daughter of a brother Officer, Rao assisted her in going away from her parents protection and planning to run away with a sepoy. " "Rao, by threatening to cause harm to Kum
2727	The appellant was elected as a trustee by the Sengunatha Mudaliars of Manjakollai village at a meeting held on June 27, 1957. According to the appellant the temple was rounded two hundred years ago by the members of his community and since then the management of the temple and is affairs was always vested in the community of the Sengunatha Mudaliars and no person other than the elected trustee had at any time the right of management and control of the temple
1778	The term "wages" as defined by section 2(vi) of the Payment of Wages Act, 1936 includes wages fixed by an award in an industrial dispute between the employer and his employees.
3292	The appellant brought the suit on the allegation that there was one Shiromani Nirankari Dera at Patiala, that this institution had two branches one at Landeke in Moga Tehsil and the other at Nanga Kheri in the erstwhile Patiala State, and that he, as mahant in charge of the Shiromani Dera at Patiala had the right to manage the properties attached to the Dera at Landeke.
4451	The Amauli properties constitute the personal property of Uma Shankar Yati and do not form part of the properties of the Math Sauna or of the deity, Sri Thakur, Gokarneshwar Mahadeoji.
4938	The High Court has struck down the aforesaid provision only on the ground that it suffers from the vice of excessive delegation of legislative power inasmuch as no criteria or guide lines have been provided by reference to which the power conferred on the Administrator to refuse permission or grant permission should be exercised and that the section confers an arbitrary, uncanalised power upon the Administrator with the result that the licensed dealer is at his mercy while seeking permission to carry on money lending or banking business on the
6852	The petitioners have questioned the con stitutional validity of Section 5 of the (12 of 1919) (hereinafter called 'the Act ').
3436	The short question before us in these appeals by special leave, is whether sales of Arc carbons, known as "Cinema Arc Carbons", manufactured by the appellant company, were rightly subjected to sales tax for two assessment years 1965 66 and 1966 77 on the ground that they fall under entry No. 4 of the 1st Schedule of the Andhra Pradesh General Sales Tax Act, 1957, (hereinafter referred to as 'the Act ').
380	The respondent was acting within his authority in 'issuing Exhibit C in so far as it concerned the lease granted in favour of the appellants.
3356	The accused was convicted under section 302 IPC and sentenced to death. The police had submitted charge sheet under section 302/34 IPC against the present accused and accused Jabamani Nadar alias Kanyakumari Comrade alias Ramu and Thamizharasan alias Ramaswami, who was shown as an absconder. The two accused were charged under section 120B read with sections 302 and 109 IPC as well as under section 302/34 IPC. The case
78	The appellant, W.H. King, who is carrying on a business in Bombay under the name and style of Associated Commercial Enterprises, was the tenant of a flat on the second floor of a building called "Ganga Vihar", Marine Drive, Bombay, which belongs to a lady named Durgeshwari Devi. The tenancy was a monthly one, the rent being Rs. 215. It is said that the appellant wanted to go to the United Kingdom for treatment of his failing eye sight
2913	The assessee is having construction contracts under the Railways as well as the Government. It is a partnership firm. For the assessment year 1960 61, relevant to the accounting year 1959 60, after the assessee submitted its income tax return, it was asked by the Income tax Officer during the income tax assessment proceedings to produce before him its books of account and the other relevant papers. The assessee also produced before him a statement showing various creditors from whom it had borrowed on
6270	The respondent was entitled to the salary and allowances due to him till 30th of August, 1985 if the order of termination of service served on him on 29.3.1985 was found to be an invalid one. It is on this basis that the High court had while setting aside the order of termination by its order dated 24.3.1988 directed that the respondent was entitled to salary upto the period he was entitled to remain in service and further observed that it was
3602	The petitioner, whose date of birth is given as 28th June, 1915, has retired. He is a respondent who has not appeared before us, and, therefore, could not be heard by us. We have, however, gone through his petition and the affidavit filed in its support where, in paragraph 16, he states as follows: "The Mysore State Civil Service Integration Rules 1960 provide for filing objections only against the preliminary provisional Inter State Seniority List and
7109	The Board of Revenue for Rajasthan, Ajmer, by its order dated 14th April, 1975 directed that the ceiling area for Raghubir Singh may be determined according to the old law i.e. Act of 1955 and not according to the new law i.e. Rajasthan Imposition of Ceiling on Agricultural Holding Act, 1973 (hereinafter referred to as 'the Act of 1973).
1789	The age of retirement of the appellant workmen should be fixed at 60.
1406	The appellant in a saw mill carrying on business in Kozihkode in the State of Kerala.
3893	The appellant (wife) was divorced by the respondent (husband) in 1962. The appellant filed a petition for maintenance under section 125 of the Code of Criminal Procedure, 1973. The respondent contended that the appellant was a divorcee and therefore not entitled to maintenance. The High Court dismissed the revision petition. The appellant filed an appeal before the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court held that the appellant was entitled to maintenance under section 125 of the Code of Criminal Procedure,
5397	The petitioner of this application under Article 32 of the Constitution is an engineer who was employed in the Central Public Works Department under the Ministry of Works and Housing in Government of India and was compulsorily retired by order dated 3.8.1976 with effect from 5.11.1976 made under Rule 56(j) of the Fundamental Rules.
2207	The respondent purchased, by a registered instrument dated October 5, 1956, the business carried on by one Purushottam Raju under the name All India Trading Company. Purushottam Raju was the sole proprietor of the business and had been assessed to sales tax in respect of his turnover for the years 1948 49 and 1949 50. The assessee paid some amounts towards sales tax thus determined, but there remained some arrears of sales tax i
1378	The appellant was convicted of the offence under section 302, I.P.C., and has been awarded the proper sentence.
3542	The appellants wrote a letter on 20 February 1975 to the President with copies to the Prime Minister, Chief Justice of India, the Chief Minister of Haryana and the Chief Jus tice of Punjab and Haryana High Court.
6118	The petitioners are carpenters 1st and 2nd grade employed at the Wood Working Centre of the Himachal Pradesh State Handicrafts Corporation (the "Corpo ration").
4860	The accused were charged with the murder of a girl. The accused were acquitted of the charge of conspiracy under section 302 read with section 120B I.P.C. The accused were convicted of the murder of the girl under section 302 read with section 34 I.P.C. The accused were acquitted of the charge of conspiracy under section 302 read with section 120B I.P.C. The accused were convicted of the murder of the girl under section 302 read with section 34 I
5142	The petitioner was in detention when the petitioner was served with the order of detention. There were criminal cases against the petitioner. There was a murder case in respect of Crime No. 331 of 1985. In the said case investigation was in progress and the defence of the petitioner in the murder case was that he was falsely implicated and was not at all concerned with the murder. When the order was passed, the petitioner had not surrendered but when the order was served, the petitioner had already surrendered in
2657	The plaintiffs applied in Suit No. 118 of 1967 for an interim injunction restraining the Bank of India Ltd. the first defendant in the suit from taking any steps in pursuance of a letter of credit opened in favour of M/s. V/O Tractors Export, Moscow, the second defendant. Ramamurthi, J., by order dated April 12, 1968, granted an interim injunction restraining encashment of the letters of credit pending disposal of the suit.
2609	The petitioners were persons employed in the ministerial services of the Andhra Pradesh Government. All of them were working in various offices located in the cities of Hyderabad and Secunderabad. On January 19, 1969, leaders, of all political parties in the Legislature of the Andhra Pradesh State appeared to have met and reached the decision that to Implement what are called Telengana Safeguards ', the following measures should be taken : "All non domicile persons, who have been appointed either
4071	The petitioners were not entitled to any relief under Article 226 of the Constitution on account of the inordinate delay involved in the presentation of the writ petition.
2392	The High Court held that the five appellants had disobeyed an order of stay passed by it staying proceedings pending before the Nyaya Panchayat, Jokha Khas, District Deoria.
2124	The appellant was a member of the Saha caste and not a member of any Scheduled Caste. The respondent challenged the election on the ground that the appellant was a member of the Saha caste and not a member of any Scheduled Caste. The Election Tribunal rejected this contention and dismissed the petition. The High Court reversed the decision of the Tribunal and declared the election of the appellant invalid and set it aside on the ground that he did not belong to a Scheduled Caste. The appellant challenged the validity
3924	The appellant was acquitted by the learned Additional Sessions judge, Chittoor of an offence under Section 302, Indian Penal Code. The acquittal was reversed by the High Court of Andhra Pradesh and the appellant was convicted under Section 302 Indian Penal Code and sentenced to suffer imprisonment for life.
1974	The assessee is a Hindu undivided family headed by one Sri Trivikram Narain Singh who is a descendant of one Sri Babu Ausan Singh who was the original founder and owner of what is known as Ausanganj State in the district of Benaras.
2593	Bhaishankar Avalram Joshi v. State of Maharashtra and Ors.
2627	The Court of Small Causes had only decided that a question seeking information about the true legal relationship arising out of the document could be permitted to be put to the witnesses for Filmistan. The Court gave no finding expressly or by implication on the issue of res judicata or any other issue. In the view of the Trial Court the question whether the legal relationship arising out of the agreement dated December 1, 1960 was in the nature of a lease or of other character had to be decided at
3531	The demand was resisted by the Companies in both cases. In the case of the Alembic Glass Industries Ltd., it was contended that the Act provided more than adequate sickness benefits, and any additional 82 benefit would place unproductive financial burden on the industry and would have an all round adverse effect on other industries. It was also urged that section 99 of the Act gave wide powers to the Employees'State Insurance Corpora tion to enhance the benefit and it was therefore the proper authority to examine
314	The appellant was a Sub Divisional Officer in the Public Works Department, Pepsu, and was, at the material dates,, in charge of certain works at a place called Karhali. It was part of his duties to disburse the wages to the workmen employed in the works, and the procedure usually followed was that be drew the amount required from the treasury, and paid the same to the employees against their signatures or thumb impressions in the monthly acquittance roll. In the roll for April
6881	The appellant was a co sharer in the suit land. The respondent sold his share in the suit land to the respondent No. 1. The appellant filed a suit for pre emption. The trial court dismissed the suit. The first appellate court affirmed the decision of the trial court. The second appeal was dismissed by the High Court. The appellant filed a special leave petition before the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court held that the appellant was entitled to the right of pre emption. The Supreme Court
1329	The case is about the sales of cotton and castor oil by the sellers to the buyers. The sellers claimed exemption from sales tax in respect of sales of cotton and castor oil on the ground that these sales were FOB contracts, under which they continued to be the owners of the goods till the goods had crossed the customs barrier and thus entered the export stream, and so no tax was realisable on these sales in view of the provisions of article 286 (1)(b). The Sales Tax
1531	The case is about the interpretation of section 24B of the Income tax Act. The case is about the assessment of the income of the deceased person in the hands of his heirs and legal representatives. The case is about the taxability of the income received by the heirs and legal representatives of the deceased person after his death. The case is about the taxability of the income received by the heirs and legal representatives of the deceased person in the previous year. The case is about the taxability of the
2649	The assessee claimed a deduction of Rs. 2,68,385/ as bad debt due from the Bombay firm, incurred by that firm in the course of business transactions. The Incometax Officer disallowed that claim holding that "these transactions were mere accommodations which can have no bearing to the regular business carried on by the assessee. In, appeal the Appellate Assistant Commissioner agreed with the Income tax Officer. He held that the debt did not arise in the course of the asses
3168	The case court judgement is about the failure to comply with the requirements of section 220 of the Companies Act, 1956. The court held that if no general body meeting is held, the persons concerned cannot be said to have committed a default in complying with those provisions.
1522	The appellant was a postman attached to the Bulandshahr post office. He was tried for offences under section 52 of the Indian Post Office Act, 1898 (VI of 1898) and in two of them, also for offences under sections 467 and 471 of the Indian Penal Code. The learned Additional Sessions judge acquitted the appellant of all these offences. The State then preferred an appeal against his acquittal in these three cases to the High Court of Allahabad but restricted
2052	The Desai award provided that the workmen would be fitted in the new scales of pay from January 1, 1962 on stage to stage adjustment basis, i.e., workmen who were drawing basic pay at a particular stage in the time scale of the Sastry award as modified would draw basic pay at the same stage in the new scale applicable to them under the Desai award.
3844	The plaintiff filed a suit for partition and separate possession of a 7/24th share in two houses, a land, two shops and movables on the basis that these properties belonged to the joint family consisting of her husband, herself and their two sons. The plaintiff claimed a 7/24th share in the joint family properties. The defendants admitted the plaintiff's claim, the suit having been contested by defendant 1, Gurupad, only. He contended that the suit properties did
5597	The appellant tenant could not be given the advantage of the provisions contained in this Act.
415	The appellant was an Advocate of the High Court of Bombay having a standing of about thirty years. He was in the Indian Air Force as an emergency Commissioned Officer between 1943 to 1948 and thereafter on extension for another four years until he attained the age of 55. It appears that he was also interested in journalism and in public affairs. On his own showing, he was concerned over the political future of Goa and "was opposed to any attempts at intimidation of Indian residents of Goan
1181	The appellants were allotted 24 standard acres and 15 3/4 units in the village of Raikot in Ludhiana District in 1949. Their father Sardar Nand Singh who was 42 330 found entitled to quasi permanent allotment of 40 standard acres and 5 1/4 units of land was given quasipermanent allotment in another village named Humbran in the same district. The two villages are, however, 25
6276	The petitioners in these petitions have questioned the validity of a notification issued by the Government of Gujarat on June 26, 1985 in exercise of its powers conferred by Section 15 of the (67 of 1957), herein after referred to as the Act, amending the Gujarat Minor Mineral Rules 1966, hereinafter referred to as the Rules, with effect from 1 7 1985 substituting the original rule 21 of the Rules by a new rule which reads
4782	The appellant was a Life Insurance Corporation of India. The respondent was the widow of the deceased who had taken a policy from the appellant. The respondent claimed the payment of Rs. 50,000. The appellant denied the liability. The respondent filed a suit against the appellant. The appellant filed a written statement. The learned Subordinate Judge dismissed the suit. The respondent filed an appeal in the High Court. The High Court reversed the judgment of the learned Subordinate Judge and held that there was a concluded
784	The appellant had entered into an agreement with the Rajah of Venkatagiri to lease slate quarries for a period of five years. The lease was renewed for a period of 20 years. The estate was notified under the Madras Estate (Abolition and Conversion into Ryotwari) Act, 1948. The appellant applied for confirmation of the lease. The Board of Revenue issued a notice to the appellant to show cause why the lease should not be terminated without any compensation.
2248	The appellant had in this petition prayed for the issue of a writ quashing the resolution dated April 6, 1964, passed by the Standing Committee, Zila Parishad, Nagpur, and for a writ of mandamus directing the Standing Committee not to interfere with the right of the appellant to impose and collect the octroi duty pursuant to its resolution dated February 25, 1963.
5248	The case relates to the assessment year 1957 58 and the relevant date of valuation was 31st March, 1957. The assessee, Dr. R.S. Gupta had maintained an account in the books of Messrs. Tika Ram and Sons Pvt. On 1st January, 1957, the account showed a credit of Rs. 1,50,740. On that day, the assessee had addressed a letter to the Company stating that he had decided
5141	The Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) is a state owned road transport corporation which operates in the Indian state of Karnataka. It is the largest operator of surface transport in the state and one of the largest in the country. It is headquartered in Bangalore. The KSRTC operates 16,000 buses on 6,400 routes. It has a fleet of 8,000 buses, including 1,000 Volvo buses. The KSRTC has a turnover of Rs. 1,500
5471	The by section 630, enacts: "630.
690	The case is about the applicability of section 32(1) and the first proviso to that section of the Travancore Income tax Act (hereinafter called the Travancore Act).
3210	The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry, New Delhi (Respondent 1) is a "commercial establishment" within the meaning of s.2(5) of the Delhi Shops,and Establishments Act, 1954 (for short the Act) is the sale question that falls for determination in this appeal by certificate directed against the judgment dated February 8, 1967 of the High Court of Delhi.
5707	The law reports which are being published by the Ist respondent are reports of recent decisions of the Supreme Court of India and of the High Courts in India which are supplied to it by its agents appointed at New Delhi and other places where High Courts are situated. It cannot be disputed that these decisions are of public importance. Article 141 of the Constitution provides that the law declared by Supreme Court shall be binding on all courts within the territory of India. Even apart from Article 141 of the Constitution the decisions of
1195	The plaintiffs and the defendant are adjoining colliery owners at Kujama. The plaintiffs'land lies immediately to the south of the defendants'land. On August 2, 1,894, Raja of Jharia granted mukarrari lease of the coal and coal mining rights in 300 bighas of land in village Kujama to Satya Karan Banerjee and Girish Chandra Samanta. On June 15,1900, his son,
2304	The High Court was not competent to post Shri K.B. Panda as law secretary, Shri T. Misra as superintendent and legal remembrancer and Shri P.K. Mohanti as deputy law secretary.
2035	The workmen claimed that under a scheme of 12 hour shifts with 8 hours'work, overtime should be at least 3 hours, if not 4, and by fixing only two hours'overtime the Trustee are guilty of the breach of the Act and the Rules.
5538	The Bombay City Weavers Cooperative Limited vs Sugrabhai Mohammed Husain and others
496	The case is about the murder of one Ramchander Shelke. The accused were convicted and sentenced to death under section 302 of the Indian Penal Code. The appeals and the confirmation proceedings in the High Court were heard by M. section Ali Khan and V. R. Deshpande, JJ. They differed. The former considered that the convictions should be maintained but was of opinion that the sentence in each case should be commuted to imprisonment for life. The latter favoured an acquittal in all
1762	The State of Rajasthan was not bound by any liability which might have arisen against the former State of Dholpur. The State of Rajasthan was bound by the obligation of the former State of Dholpur in view of article 295(2) of the Constitution.
2440	The workmen of Orient Paper Mills Ltd., Brajrajnagar, have come up in this appeal by special leave against an award of the Industrial Tribunal, Orissa.
3442	Shri Vithal Sukhamai Sansthan v. The State of Maharashtra
2065	The present appeal has been brought to this Court by special leave and it arises from a suit filed by the appellants against four respondents.
5861	The High Court has answered the question in the negative. It is said that it would be violative of the Constitutional right of "equal pay for equal work". The facts are not in dispute. They will be found correctly stated in the judgment under appeal and may briefly be stated thus: Prior to 1965, in the High Court of Allahabad, Bench Secretaries were on a higher pay scale than that of Section Officers. They were in the pay scale of Rs. 160 320 as
5994	The respondent was a Time Keeper in Beas Sutlej Link Project, Sundernagar. He was incharge of preparing the pay bills and other bills of the work charged employees of the project. It was alleged that he master minded and prepared the pay roll pertaining to 'T' Token of Central Survey Division, Sundernagar for the month of May 1969 and entered the name of one Shri Ashok Kumar, Token No. 59 T at serial No. 10 on page
6647	The petitioners in both these writ petitions are partnership firms carrying on business of import of rough diamonds and export of cut and polished diamonds. The Import & Export Policy for the period April, 1978 to March, 1979, in para 174, made provision for grant of certain import facilities to Export Houses which were registered in accordance with the provisions of the said Policy. One of the said facilities was grant of an Additional licence in terms of para 176 of the said Policy for an amount
6003	The case court judgement is about the Indian legal expert. The case court judgement is about the Indian legal expert. The case court judgement is about the Indian legal expert. The case court judgement is about the Indian legal expert. The case court judgement is about the Indian legal expert. The case court judgement is about the Indian legal expert. The case court judgement is about the Indian legal expert. The case court judgement is about the Indian legal expert. The case court judgement is about the Indian legal expert. The
7130	The plaintiff was a tenant of the suit property. The defendants, in collusion with the owner, defendant No. 2, executed a deed of lease in favour of the latter effective from January 1, 1968 on the strength whereof defendant No. 1 claimed to have assumed possession of the property sometime in the second week of June, 1968 without his tenancy having been lawfully terminated. The plaintiff, therefore, contended that defendant No. 1 was a trespasser
362	The petitioner filed a petition under Article 32 of the Constitution of India for a Writ in the nature of Habeas Corpus. The petitioner's father was arrested and detained in jail in execution of a warrant of arrest issued under section 13 of the Bombay City Land Revenue Act, 1876 for the recovery of the demand certified under section 46(2) of the Indian Income tax Act. The petitioner contended that section 46(2) of the Indian Income tax Act was void
652	The Madras Commercial Crops Markets Act, 1933, was passed to provide for the better regulation of the buying and selling of commercial crops in the State of Madras and for that purpose to establish markets and make Rules for their proper administration. The Act was passed on July 25, 1933. The object of such legislation is to protect the producers of commercial crops from being exploited by the middlemen and profiteers and to enable them to secure a fair return for their produce.
2256	The appellant filed a suit for ejectment of the respondent from the property in suit. The respondent was a thika tenant. The suit was decreed by the Munsif of Sealdah Court, 24 Parganas on March 18, 1949. The appeal filed therefrom by the third defendant was dismissed by the Subordinate Judge. Fifth Additional Court, Alipore on November 23, 1949. The decree holder put the decree in execution and recovered possession of
266	The petitioner, Suraj Mall Mohta & Co. Ltd., is a company registered under the Indian Companies Act. Suraj Mall Mohta is also the managing director of another company Messrs. Jute and Gunny Brokers Ltd. A reference had been made by the Central Government under the provisions of section 5(1) of the Act before 58 450 1st September, 1948, of the case of Messrs. Jute and Gunny Brokers Ltd.
4316	"I do not think that any problem would arise for the original award of the Tribunal.
4641	The appellant is the owner of a cinema hall in Jammu. The respondent is the owner of a cinema hall in Jammu. The appellant has filed a suit against the respondent for a declaration that the respondent is not entitled to run the cinema hall. The respondent has filed a suit against the appellant for a declaration that the appellant is not entitled to run the cinema hall. The appellant has filed a suit against the respondent for a declaration that the respondent is not entitled to run the cinema hall. The appellant
4480	the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the State of the
6622	the sale
6157	the price of the manufacturer of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price of the price
4568	the the the the the Ã� General
6521	that the
4917	1
1697	the
660	the appellant the
2122	the
5364	the same the
5266	the
232	in.
6778	2.
